Add `skip_completing` option (#103)
github/branch-deploy: docs/examples.md

          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
```

## Multiple jobs

> If you need a complex deployment workflow, you can create a deployment status in separate jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a complex deployment workflow, you can create a deployment status manually in a separate step
```
